Genetic algorithm for solving the travelling salesman problem

We have some networks. Our goal is to visit every node in the network using the
shortest path possible. We will be using large networks where the search space
for the best path is too large to try every possible route. To find an optimal
route, we will be using a genetic algorithm.

Our data is the roadNet-TX.txt dataset from snap.stanford.edu .

Algorithm
---------

1.	Randomly generate a list of routes. These routes are simply generated by
	shuffling the list of nodes.

2.	Run a fitness test on each route that finds the length of the route.

3.	With the results from step two combine and splice the routes together to
	create a more favored route.

4.	Go back to step two and run until the optimal route is found.

To Do
-----

* [x]	Implement a randomly generated system to give weights to routes.
* [x]	Implement an algorithm to generete candidate routes.
	*	Routes that are significantly worse than the average for the previous generation should be killed off before they finish.
* [x]	Implement the genetic part of the algorithm: combine and mutate the best routes to make the next generation.
* [x]	Parallelize route generation.
* [x]	Parallelize combining and splicing.
* [ ]	Improve the performance of the parallel implementation.
	*	Instead of using a global counter to decide when to stop generating
		routes, maybe allocate a certain number of routes to each thread at the
		beginning.
	*	Try having each thread keep a local route vector and combining them all
		once at the end.
* [ ]   Write a 5 to 10 page paper describing the project.
	*	Part One: Describe Genetic Algorithims.
	*	Part Two: Describe the Traveling Salesman problem.
	*	Part Three: Describe project results.

